Add Amplitude to analytics section. (#4)
dakshshah96/awesome-startup-credits: README.md

- [Mixpanel for Startups](https://mixpanel.com/startups/) - With access to Mixpanel’s most advanced features, startups can do complex behavioral analysis in seconds and  collaborate across teams to unlock faster growth.
- [Segment Startup Program](https://segment.com/industry/startups/) - Eligible startups get full access to Segment's Team Plan (up to $25,000 value) free for up to two years.

> - [Amplitude Startup Scholarship](https://amplitude.com/startups) - Access to Enterprise features of Amplitude's behavioral platform for product analytics at 10% of the list price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Amplitude Startup Scholarship](https://amplitude.com/startups) - The Scholarship includes access to Amplitude’s behavioral analytics platform for 12 months. You'll also receive Amplitude's full suite of Enterprise features, including behavioral cohorting and user path analysis for 90% off the list price.
```
